GH actions for ci.yaml workflow - testsuite deprecation check. (#46351)
keycloak/keycloak: testsuite/DEPRECATED.md

# Deprecating the Old Testsuite Module
If you find yourself reading this document, you are probably asked to migrate a test from your PR to use the new Test Framework.

---
With the release of the new Test Framework, this testsuite module, with all related dependents, is officially deprecated.

Specifically speaking: 
* **Arquillian** testsuite
* **Model** testsuite
* all related **utility** modules

> Bug fixes of particular tests are allowed, but limited to maximum 50 lines addition. Adding new file/s is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A limited amount of changes to existing tests are permitted, and should primarily be used to add test-cases when resolving bugs. Adding new files is not allowed.
```
